"Knowledge is power, but wisdom is applying it." — Anonymous
"Wisdom begins with acknowledging your ignorance." — Socrates
"He who knows others is wise; he who knows himself is enlightened." — Lao Tzu
"Patience is a sign of wisdom." — Anonymous
"Wisdom is not what you know, but how you live." — Anonymous
"Silence is the parent of wisdom." — Pythagoras
"A wise person learns from the mistakes of others." — Seneca
"True wisdom is in simplicity." — Anonymous
"Listen more than you speak." — Anonymous
"Wisdom is the art of living well." — Anonymous
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." — Socrates
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." — Albert Einstein
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." — Franklin D. Roosevelt
"An examined life is not worth living." — Socrates
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." — Aristotle
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." — Nelson Mandela
"Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness." — Sophocles
"To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear." — Buddha
"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that very existence is an act of rebellion." — Albert Camus
"You cannot teach a person anything; you can only help him find it within himself." — Galileo
"The man of knowledge must be able not only to know what to do, but to refrain from doing." — Confucius
"Wisdom is not the product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it." — Albert Einstein
"The wise adapt themselves to circumstances, as water molds itself to the pitcher." — Chinese Proverb
"All that we are is the result of what we have thought. If a man speaks or acts with an evil thought, pain follows him." — Buddha
"A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends." — Baltasar Gracian
"The only true wisdom is admitting your ignorance." — Socrates
"To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow." — Audrey Hepburn
"Silence is a source of great strength." — Lao Tzu
"Be like water." — Bruce Lee
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." — Lao Tzu
"Everything we know about wisdom is incomplete." — Socrates
"We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men; and among those fibers, as sympathetic threads, we feel every quiver." — Herman Melville
"Wisdom is the daughter of experience." — Leonardo da Vinci
"The unexamined life is not worth living." — Socrates
"Words may be deeds." — John Heywood
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." — Babe Ruth
"Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise; seek what they sought." — Matsuo Basho
"The more you know, the more you realize you don't know." — Anonymous
"Accept everything about yourself - I mean everything. You are you and that is the beginning and the end - no apologies, no regrets." — Clark Moustakas
"Your body keeps accurate account of your intentions." — Martha Graham
"It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt." — Anonymous
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." — Buddha
"Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens." — Jimi Hendrix
"He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past." — George Orwell
"In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future, and bond to one another." — Alex Haley